Sql doc update because of the failure with external oracle database #… (#3272)
apache/camel-quarkus: extensions/sql/runtime/src/main/doc/limitations.adoc

> While you can use any of the available database types in JVM mode, Oracle database type negatively affects serialization in native mode.
> See quarkus issue https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/20396[#https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/20396] for more details.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oracle JDBC driver brings some GraalVM native-image configuration that breaks the serialization support in Camel Quarkus and Quarkus in general. See this https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/20396[quarkus issue] for more details.
```

Author: done

> https://camel.apache.org/components/next/sql-component.html#_using_the_jdbc_based_aggregation_repository[Aggregation repository] does not work in native mode with Oracle db, because of this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:{cq-camel-components}::sql-component.adoc#_using_the_jdbc_based_aggregation_repository[Aggregation repository] does not work in native mode with Oracle DB, because of this issue.
```

Author: done
